misc/notes/TODO.md, before:

# DOTFILES TODO

https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/faq.html.en#WhatIsTor
https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/faq-abuse.html.en

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkgeFi4PwOg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0KKBmfiVl0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8EKH_fjmXA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mi0O52_gwU
irc     | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ltq0hMgizi0
docker  | https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=docker+getting+started
qemu    | https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=qemu
nyxt    | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVteSEjKytw

### . ############################ . ###

- TEST KEYBOARD INSTALLER AGAIN

- CREATE NEW TEST BRANCH ON M1
    what happens if i merge molleweide into m1?

    BAD LUCK??
        >>> pull specific paths on new computer

### 

- KTH REREGISTER

- keyboard install && build kmonad M1

### TRAPPFABRIKEN IMPORT TO LOCAL >> DOCUMENT STEPS ###








- limelight not installing

- webbrowsers are not being installed

# XDG ##########################################

* move
    - .gnupg
    -

# M1 ###########################################

- doom nvim POSTED
    python not sure how to get around this as of now

# ########################################################

- VIDEO WALLPAPERS
    https://github.com/mczachurski/wallpapper
    https://github.com/search?o=desc&q=video+wallpaper&s=updated&type=Repositories

https://linuxconfig.org/advanced-bash-regex-with-examples

Commit message:

test install all personal stuff projexts EXCEPT PM

misc/notes/TODO.md, after:

# DOTFILES TODO

https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/faq.html.en#WhatIsTor
https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/faq-abuse.html.en

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkgeFi4PwOg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0KKBmfiVl0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8EKH_fjmXA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mi0O52_gwU
irc     | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ltq0hMgizi0
docker  | https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=docker+getting+started
qemu    | https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=qemu
nyxt    | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVteSEjKytw

### . ############################ . ###

- walk through and add local git projects to pestonal/stuff

- TEST KEYBOARD INSTALLER AGAIN

- CREATE NEW TEST BRANCH ON M1
    what happens if i merge molleweide into m1?

    BAD LUCK??
        >>> pull specific paths on new computer

### 

- KTH REREGISTER

- keyboard install && build kmonad M1

### TRAPPFABRIKEN IMPORT TO LOCAL >> DOCUMENT STEPS ###








- limelight not installing

- webbrowsers are not being installed

# XDG ##########################################

* move
    - .gnupg
    -

# M1 ###########################################

- doom nvim POSTED
    python not sure how to get around this as of now

# ########################################################

- VIDEO WALLPAPERS
    https://github.com/mczachurski/wallpapper
    https://github.com/search?o=desc&q=video+wallpaper&s=updated&type=Repositories

https://linuxconfig.org/advanced-bash-regex-with-examples
