@document.meta
    title: RNDM
    description:
    author: hjalmarjakobsson
    categories:
    created: 2021-10-21
    version: 0.1
@end

what should I eat now. I want to make something that is quite basic but that tastes good. maybe I should make a bacon pasta and
also buy chicken. let's do that. buy chicken, rice, basta and bacon and makea lunch box. this is nice and it is quite
frech plus it is something that I haven't eaten in a long time so it should be something that I enjoy eating so that is
quite fucking nice. that is fucking retarded and you cannot break. when you have started that that is fucking high stakes.
that is genuinly the wierdest thing that I have ever heard of.

this is very annoying and so that is why they would never do that which is fucking strange.

so this is quite fucking nice and you can really tell that this is something that you might want to do so that the
reason why they would bring it out is not transparent and so that is qhy they tried to fuck us up that much you know.

i say I hear you and moving forward I will consider your feelings and however you are a stupid cunt and you should not
have said anything like this you dumb fucking whore katie boyle we'll check you guys on wednesday.

so this is quite annoying now that this is not working and so later we are going to have to look into that shit you know.

so i look great next to him which is super great and so that is something that is fucking insane you know. and so when they went
out they fucking shifted it up like a mother fucker and so that is quite fucking insaney ou know. the reason for why
they did that is not because of that it is because they cannot really do it which is not something that you mightn
see. and so next time I go to the gym I am going to try to do some more leg press and some squats which is fucking annoying
and so that is the best thing that I could ever fucking do. jesus christ.

he was just taking old sayings and so that is something that you might not want to do you know and so that is not the thing
that you might see so why the fuck would they do that you know so something must happen and that is the reason why they didn't
give a fuck at first since the reason for doing so is just because it can roll you know. that is fucking wierd dude. you cant
do that. if that ever happens you might need to fucking ring the bell tone dude you are never going to see that you fucking
dumbass motherfucker. and so that is the best thing that we had ever seen you motherfucker bitch as .
and why would they ever do that. I just don't understand why that would ever happen. it is just so fucking strange.
but why couldn't you do that I have heard one part of it a lot. and so that is not something that you might want to do.
a lot of leg presses.

so now my leg day will consists of first a glute exercise, which now is hip thrusts, and then I move on to leg curls
to make sure that my back side isn't too tight and after that I move on to various leg presses, such as squats,
regular leg press, maybe deadlift, and then a calf exercise, and so this is my full circle which I then circle as
many times as I can until I don't have more energy.

then on my back day I have five exercises + biceps curls.

so my five back exercises are, back extensions, lat pulls, rear delts, over head pulls, and finish off with
trap shrugs, this is a five exercise circle that I run multiple times and then I finish on bicep curls since
they are such stupid, easy and nice exercise to do.

on my push day I have yet another circle that I run which concists of first chest, then triceps,
then front delts, shoulder press, or middle delts, and then finish of the cycle with abs,

this is kind of a

chest, triceps, fdelt, mdelt, abs,

and since abs consist of rectus abdominis and obliques I do them both or alternate between them each cycle.
in the end this yields an ins

so this is a three day circle that yields an insane body. and whenever you feel like it you can do
some more leg presses or do it however you want but in the end this is ucking amazing and so this is something thatyou
want to do really well.

I usually also do 20 reps for each exercise, and move down to lower reps when I feel like it to build extra strength,
but I only do this when I am super sure that my body is feeling super fine and symmetrical. so that I can
have this system automated. and whenever I go to the gym I do like maybe 2 hours or three hours.
and I eat during my workouts. I usually bring food and improvise. in the end the habit is the most important thing her
so that I really over time get insanely strong.

so coming up I need to make sure that all of my repos are built into local bins
make
scripts
web

that is the funniest thing that I have ever heard what the fuck is that thing
can we actually see things do that. so the soul layout is suppose to be even better and so that is something that you might
want to do actually and so that is the best thing fucking ever. what the fuck dude.
