@document.meta
	title: TODO
	description:
	author: hjalmarjakobsson
	categories:
	created: 2021-09-01
	version: 0.1
@end

* what is DAO | distributed autonomous organization

* walk through | `https://github.com/rothgar/awesome-tuis`

* reaper
  notes where??
  sync reaper projects
  to test folder > then move the projects into reaper.

* syncthing > audio files + reaper
  https://docs.syncthing.net/intro/getting-started.html
  `sncth`
  config > `https://docs.syncthing.net/users/config.html`

* config/git variable exports are not recognized or taking effect.

* nvim docker
  docker app > aliases

 ** docker develop | on develop branch
    https://github.com/NTBBloodbath/doom-nvim/tree/main/contribute

* wm float > network preferences
  open floating win.
  tty set network stuff
  `https://sharmank.medium.com/how-to-connect-to-wifi-using-mac-os-command-line-3a76c2e6669c`
  `https://www.mattcrampton.com/blog/managing_wifi_connections_using_the_mac_osx_terminal_command_line/`
  `https://discussions.apple.com/thread/2359806`

* test GHQ

* reading | cont.
 ** https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/What-is-Bash_003f.html

------

* run haskell hello world projects and see which one runs.

* dark color chromium extension | take from intel

* reaper leader key
  make leader keys show in bottom of reaper
  make it show on the bottom just like with regular whick key

* toe heel up turn

* fix `echo-style` = signs

* kmo > mouse layer
 ** "git@github.com:molleweide/mouse.git"
 ** `sudo pip install mouse`
 ** hold left thumb > tap right thumb > enter mouse layer.
  *** thumb layers
      is it a good idea to put hold-layers on thumb keys

* system preferences diff trick

* nvim
  ~ migrate to latest development branch.
  ~ docker

* add to path > https://github.com/jez/vim-superman

https://github.com/rothgar/awesome-tuis#messaging

* make sure all local builds are put unders
  `.local/bin`

* ghq > discordo
  https://github.com/ayntgl/discordo
  https://github.com/Thesourtimes/fort

* telescope-molleweide

* OS
  ~ rm cmd-w prevent acc close window.
  ~ rm cmd-q

* landchad tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dIVesHEAzct

* brew err:
  https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/33975
  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18555378/brew-installation-error-appears-homebrew-is-already-installed
  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65509112/error-google-backup-and-sync-it-seems-there-is-already-an-app
  https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/issues/45942
  https://github.com/buo/homebrew-cask-upgrade/issues/57

* doom_config -> term
  https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim#termexec
    create PR

* `man zshmisc`

* OS
  ~ rm cmd-w prevent acc close window.
  ~ rm cmd-q

* yabai script commands https://github.com/koekeishiya/yabai/discussions/1050

* install cabal
  today.hs continue with tests

* test `telegram, signal` again

* setup-user-vimac

* haskell indentati https://duckduckgo.com/?q=vim+haskell+indentation&ia=web

  https://github.com/gennaro-tedesco/boilit

* terminal > rm <c-d> binding so that I don't accidentally exit.
  only kitty?!

* why regula vim is used for commit message?

* with latest doro > toggle term nvim need `zsh -il`

* map yank commands to leader k (kopy)

* lightspeed
  ~ do these defaults mean that there is no conflict with vim surround out of the box?
  Because I had already mapped vim-surround to z in favor of `sneak/lightspeed`.
  ~ i am actually unsure of how to use light speed because there are multiple hints showing

* neorg workspaces config add ??
  dorothy master
  dorothy user
  doom

* tmux
  create session
  tmuxinator / everyday

* use zoxide

* man pages add `se rnu nu`

  https://github.com/feinoujc/gh-search-cli <<<<<??????????

* todo: run pitch machine project.

* master thesis
  - log into overleaf > where was I?
  - read andre's email
  - condense the text.
  `plan a day where I do this`

* watch video stryk skjorta.
 ** tvaetta skjortor
 ** stryka
    - skjorta
    - byxor

* KTH

* dotfiles
  https://github.com/rafamadriz/dotfiles


* repuild python.
  first run `setup-python`

- https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/faq.html.en#WhatIsTor
- https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/faq-abuse.html.en
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkgeFi4PwOg
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0KKBmfiVl0
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8EKH_fjmXA
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mi0O52_gwU
- irc     | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ltq0hMgizi0
- docker  | https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=docker+getting+started
- qemu    | https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=qemu
- nyxt    | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVteSEjKytw

- antigen > oceanic next symlink
- gh > test create repo from cli

- order NANO S

* https://linuxconfig.org/advanced-bash-regex-with-examples

* MAKEFILE | https://makefiletutorial.com/

* custom installer
 ** vimac

* rename nvim configs to nvim-***

* hammerspoon > make sure each submodule is my own fork
